Expose field type constant and update documentation (#6123)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

> ## Added constant for show/list field types and deprecated some field types.

Reviewer: We usually only add the deprecated part, but it certainly does not hurt to do what you did :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Yeah I know. I wanted to promote the new constants, since I think it's always better to use constant rather than string.

I made others changes :)

> ## Added constant for show/list field types and deprecated some field types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Added constants for "show" and "list" field types
```
BTW. being strict, given the class where these constants were added this message maybe should say "templating types" instead of "field types".

Author: @phansys Done !

> You can now TemplateRegistry constants, like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now `TemplateRegistry` constants, like
```

> You can now `TemplateRegistry` constants, like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use `TemplateRegistry` constants, like
```

Author: Done

```
$showMapper->add('foo', TemplateRegistry::TYPE_STRING)
```

> Instead of using directly a string value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
instead of using directly a string value.
```

```
$showMapper->add('foo', 'string')
```

> The list of available type are in [the documentation](docs/reference/field_types.rst).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of available types can be found in [the documentation](docs/reference/field_types.rst).
```

> ## Deprecated field types

Reviewer 2: I'm sorry, I missed the line break in my previous suggestion.
```suggestion
## Deprecated field types

```

Author: No problem, i replace by `templating types` too and added the dot.

Reviewer 2: I've removed the full stop on purpose, in order to be consistent with the previous sections in this document.

Author: Ok, it's removed

> In the same way, we deprecated the following type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same way, we deprecated the following types:
```

> In the same way, we deprecated the following types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deprecated field types
```

> - `text`: prefer using `string` or `TemplateRegistry::TYPE_STRING`
> - `decimal`: prefer using `float` or `TemplateRegistry::TYPE_FLOAT`
> - `smallint`: prefer using `integer` or `TemplateRegistry::TYPE_INTEGER`
> - `bigint`: prefer using `integer` or `TemplateRegistry::TYPE_INTEGER`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `text`: deprecated in favor of `TemplateRegistry::TYPE_STRING`
- `decimal`: deprecated in favor of `TemplateRegistry::TYPE_FLOAT`
- `smallint`: deprecated in favor of `TemplateRegistry::TYPE_INTEGER`
- `bigint`: deprecated in favor of `TemplateRegistry::TYPE_INTEGER`
```
